The gender mix in the navy is in transition, when I was in there or and
the active duty and and to some degree in reserve duty there was a
great preponderance of males. I remember we got our first female cryptologist
and the navy reserve and than now cryptologic field has the
good portion of them, and I would not even hazard a guess as to how
many are in cryptology now, but you could probably get those numbers
from your recruit, but I would I would think on the order of twenty
five percent of cryptologists now are females. The other areas are
similar more and more fields have become open to females, I knew
one of the original fighter pilots who was female in the navy